Two wrongs don't make a right, take XXX parents as an example.
XXX has two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb XXX's ego and jump to his IQ
XXX is so old that he gets nostalgic when he sees the Neolithic cave paintings.
Today, my middle finger will be answering all of XXX questions.
Shit happens. I mean, look at XXX's face.
Just how closely related were XXX's parents? have XXX asked?
They say XXX is a real lady killer. Do the ladies die laughng?
It must be hard for XXX putting makeup on two faces everyday
XXX's so fat, the only vehicle that would impress XXX is a food truck.
I tried to put myself in XXX shoes, but they were cheap and ugly.
I never said XXX was immature. I said XXX could dress up like an adult for Halloween.
No matter how low I lower the bar of expectation, somehow XXX manages to roll right under it.
I'm not sayin' XXX's easy, but XXX's been under more sheets than the KKK.
XXX looks sad today. Is it because of the haircut?
Why don't XXX check eBay and see if they have a life for sale?
Of course I talk like an idiot. How else would XXX understand me?
XXX pants say yoga, but XXX ass says McDonald's.
XXX so dumb, XXX thought Ariana Grand was a font.
I'll eat a bowl of water with a fork before I care what XXX think about me.
XXX so ugly, XXX couldn't get a dog to lick XXX if XXX were covered in gravy.
Saying "XXX's a nice person once you get to know him," is like saying "XXX's a jerk, but you'll get used to it."
Roses are red, violets are blue. The smell of shit, reminds me of XXX.
If only XXX teeth were as white as XXX legs.
I need a leaf blower, but for people.
I would give XXX a nasty look, but I see XXX already have one.
Sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
XXX's so old she didn't celebrate Christmas as a child because Christ wasn't born yet.
XXX birth certificate should be an apology letter from a condom factory.
A body like XXX's doesn't happen overnight. It takes pregnancy, neglect and some extra slices of pizza.
There are so many stupid people around here, I'm going to have to open my dumbrella.
XXX are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
I was pro-life until I met XXX.
My idea of "Help from above" is a sniper on the roof.
XXX need to stop, drop and roll away from me.
Try being informed instead of just opinionated.
I'm not saying he was a disappointing date, but he could run into a wall with an erection and break his nose.
If XXX can't help, shutting up is the best option.
XXX like a human version of a migraine.
I've seen people like XXX before, but I had to pay admission.
XXX need a kiss on the neck from a crocodile.
Did XXX know that XXX have the right to remain silent even when XXX not being arrested?
XXX about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
XXX's so fat her Fitbit dialed 911.
I'd slap XXX, but that would be animal abuse.
I'm sorry. I couldn't hear XXX over the little voice in my head screaming, "What a load of crap!
If I threw a stick, XXX'd leave, right?
If XXX were sad about being alone on Valentine's Day, just remember: No one loves XXX on the other days of the year either.
If XXX ever shave XXX legs XXX could donate to Locks Of Love.
XXX's so fat XXX'd need a commercial driver's licence to ride her.
I'm sure that whatever XXX have to say can wait until XXX smarter.
If laughter is the best medicine, XXX face must be curing the world.
If XXX find me offensive, I suggest XXX quit finding me.
XXX like a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
I really wish I could understand XXX, but I don't bark.
I must have Alzheimer's, because I don't remember asking for XXX opinion.
I didn't mean to offend XXX, but it was a huge bonus.
The difference between XXX and a Christmas tree is the Christmas tree looks good with the lights on.
I'd like to give XXX a high five. In the face. With a chair.
If XXX ever decide to kill XXXself, XXX could climb XXX ego and jump to XXX I.Q.
I had a wet dream about XXX last night. I pissed myself laughing when XXX fell off a cliff.
XXX like a plunger. XXX keep bringing up old shit.
If XXX judge me by my past, don't be surprised when XXX become part of it.
Memories of XXX make me look forward to Alzheimers.
I'm not saying I hate XXX, but if XXX ever get hit by a bus, I'll be driving that bus.
XXX's so fake, I bet if XXX look behind her neck it says "Made In China."
Since XXX know it all, XXX should also know when to shut the hell up.
On XXX mark. Get set. Go away!
Do XXX comb XXX hair with a balloon?
Since XXX know it all, XXX should also know when to shut the hell up.
Don't forget to grab a straw, 'cause XXX suck.
If there's anything else XXX need, please hesitate to ask.
Take care of XXX eyes. They're the only balls XXX have.
A word to the wise ain't necessary. It's the stupid ones who need the advice.
She has a face like a dog looking into a spoon.
I'm not saying XXX's fat, but she enjoys long, romantic walks to the refrigerator.
XXX face is fine, but XXX should put a bag over XXX personality.
I'm in one of those bad moods where I'd just like to throw a book at XXX face and say, "I just facebooked you!"
Two things: 1 - Where have XXX been all my life? 2 - Can XXX please go back there?
Don't let XXX mind wander. It's too small to be let out on its own.
XXX's so ugly she could bring a tear to a glass eye.
I'm jealous of all the people who haven't met XXX.
XXX not the kind of person I'd put on speaker phone.
XXX say XXX have a bad back? XXX front is nothing to write home about either.
XXX not pretty enough to be that stupid.
Why don't XXX go stick a fork in an outlet and call it a day.
XXX about as useless as a back pocket on a t-shirt.
Before coffee I hate everyone. After coffee I feel good about hating everyone.
Stupidity is not a crime, so XXX free to go.
Yeah, XXX have XXX shit together. But it's still shit.
I'm not saying she drinks too much, but her birthstone is a wine cork.
It would be nice if XXX took a chill pill. It would be even nicer if XXX choked on it.
Someday XXX'll go far... and I hope XXX stay there.
XXX only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chicken's butt and wait.
Yo mama is so fat, when she asked for a water bed they put a blanket over the ocean.
Sometimes I wonder how XXX can fit all of that stupid into one head.
The doctor called with the results of XXX colonoscopy. Good news! They found XXX head.
My silence only means that XXX not worth the argument.
Oops, my bad. I could have sworn I was dealing with an adult.
XXX mind is like someone emptied a junk drawer onto a trampoline.
XXX calling me ugly? What do XXX think I am, a mirror?
XXX aren't just missing a screw. It's more like the whole tool box is gone.
XXX remind me of a carnival ride. Everyone gets a turn, then after a few minutes they get off XXX to find a place to puke.
I will paint a house with a Q-Tip before I worry about why XXX aren't speaking to me.
XXX look sad today. Why don't XXX go cuddle with XXX toaster in the bathtub?
Yo mama is so fat, when she told me her weight I thought she was giving me her phone number.
XXX might have a million dollar body, but XXX have a food stamp face.
If laughter is the best medicine, XXX face must be curing the world.
I love what XXX's done with his hair. How does XXX get it to come out of nostrils like that?
If I had a face like XXXs I sue my parents.
XXX have all the grace of a golden retriever on a freshly waxed floor.
Luckily XXX don't have enough friends for an intervention.
XXX fat, but don't sugarcoat it or you'll eat that too.
XXX about as popular as a bonus track on a Yoko Ono album.
The fact that jellyfish have survived for millions of years despite not having brains should give XXX hope.
XXX may be dressed up on the outside, but XXX messed up on the inside.
I never said XXX were crazy. I just said that XXX family coat of arms ties at the back.
I feel the urge to tell XXX to shut up even when XXX aren't talking.
Oh yeah, XXX street smart. Sesame Street.
Instead of looking up XXX family tree, why not just get a packet of seeds and start over?
I'm not saying XXX fat, but if XXX get murdered XXX chalk line would be a circle.
Being married to her was like a walk in the park. Jurassic Park.
XXX's so old, she was a waitress at The Last Supper.
I'd tell XXX to go to Hell, but Satan still has a restraining order against XXX.
XXX so narrow minded XXX could see through a key hole with both eyes.
If I had a pocket full of fucks, I still wouldn't give one.
XXX have a smile that could light up the whole psych ward.
XXX's so fat, her stomach is no longer an internal organ.
Why don't XXX put an 'out of order' sign on XXX forehead and call it a day?
If brains were gasoline, XXX couldn't run an ant's go-kart two laps around a cheerio.
If life is a highway XXX's obviously taken a dirt road.
XXX's so fat, I pictured her in my head and nearly broke my neck.
XXX's such a bitch. I think she must be having someone else's period.
I never forget a face, but in XXX case I'll be glad to make an exception.
XXX haven't lost all of XXX marbles, but there is a small hole in the bag.
Is XXX brain giving XXX the silent treatment today?
If stupid was a disability XXX'd get a monthly check.
Nobody wants to be with somebody who's been with everybody.
I think senility will be a fairly smooth transition for XXX.
Clearly wit is a skill XXX have yet to master.
XXX so ugly XXX could make an onion cry.
I thought I would never laugh again, but then I saw XXX new girlfriend.
XXX so ugly, XXX could get treated at the vet and no one would ask any questions.
From the first time I saw XXX I knew I was going to give XXX the wrong phone number.
I want XXX to know that someone cares. Not me, but someone.
I've got heels higher than XXX standards.
If I give XXX a straw, will XXX go suck the fun out of somebody else's day?
XXX so ugly XXX memory foam mattress is trying to forget XXX.
From the moment we met I knew I wanted to spend my whole life without XXX.
XXX are just such a treasure that I'd like to bury XXX.
XXX should get one of those Life Alert bracelets, so if XXX ever get a life, he'll be notified immediately.
XXX's so short, when he met Santa, St. Nick said, "Get back to work!"
XXX's so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
XXX's so fat, when she took her dress to the dry cleaners they said, "Sorry, we don't do curtains."
XXX so dumb XXX thought Virgin Mobile was a nun in a wheelchair.
Just a little FYI... I'm all out of the medicine that makes me like XXX.
It isn't that I'm not a people person, I'm just not a stupid people person.
I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not XXX.
XXX so dumb, XXX thought XXX could only listen to an AM radio in the morning.
What happened? Did XXX train of thought leave the station without him?
If ugly was a science, XXX'd have a PhD.
XXX have the rest of XXX life to be a loser, why not take today off?
XXX know XXX ugly when they hand XXX the camera for a group picture.
If a zombie was looking for brains, he'd walk right by XXX.
I have selective hearing. Unfortunately, XXX weren't selected.
XXX about as useful as a knitted condom.
The last thing I want to do is insult XXX, but it is on my list.
XXX give my middle finger an erection.
XXX so ugly XXX could get a job at a bakery posing for animal crackers.
So, XXX think all men are the same? Who told XXX to try them all?
Are XXX always this stupid, or is this a special occasion?
If XXX have an opinion about my life, raise XXX hand. Now put it over XXX mouth.
XXX so full of shit, the toilet is jealous.
God wasted a perfectly good asshole when he put teeth in XXX mouth.
If XXX going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I added XXX name to my contact list. I named XXX "Do Not Answer."
It's not that I don't like XXX, it's just that I feel better when XXX not around.
I wish XXX were fluent in silence.
The first step is admitting XXX a problem.
XXX need a speed bump between XXX brain and XXX mouth.
Please cancel my subscription to XXX issues.
If my dog had a face like XXXs I'd shave its ass and make it walk backwards.
Can someone die from constipation? I'm a little worried about how full of shit XXX are.
I think XXX should socially distance from XXX refrigerator.
Some people look like a million bucks. XXX look like insufficient funds.
Some people say their body is a temple. XXXs is more of a bouncy castle.
I'm not saying XXX stupid. Let's just say XXX unlucky when it comes to thinking.
How do I block XXX in real life?
Abracadabra! Nope, XXX still a loser.
I'd like to send XXX a "Get Better Soon" card. I know XXX not sick, I just think XXX can do better.
Instead of Chapstick XXX should use a glue stick.
Why don't XXX put an "Out Of Order" sign on XXX forehead and call it a day?
Well, aren't XXX a little ray of pitch black.
XXX look like something I drew with my left hand.
I've met some pricks in my time, but XXX my friend are a fucking cactus.
I squint at the sun because it's bright. I squint at XXX because XXX not.
A penny for XXX thoughts seems a little pricey.
After meeting XXX, I feel sorry for XXX dog.
I'd spray WD-40 in XXX mouth if I thought it would stop that awful noise XXX making.
I checked my receipt. I didn't buy any of XXX bullshit.
There's someone for everyone, and the person for XXX is a psychiatrist.
I'm sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
I'd love to stay and talk, but I'm lying.
XXX flexibility amazes me! How do XXX get XXX foot in XXX mouth and XXX head up XXX ass all at the same time?
Some people are wise. XXX are otherwise.
XXX make me wish I had more middle fingers.
Just checking on XXX... I heard a loud pop and thought XXX might have pulled XXX head out of XXX ass.
I wouldn't say XXX are stupid. XXX are, but I wouldn't say it.
Life is full of little disappointments, and I just added XXX to my list.
I could eat a can of alphabet soup and shit a better argument than XXXs.
I'm not saying I hate XXX. What I'm saying is that XXX are literally the Monday of my life.
People like XXX are the reason they have to put directions on shampoo.
I didn't mean to push all of XXX buttons. I was just looking for mute.
The last time I saw something like XXX, I flushed it.
I figured out why XXX look so bad in pictures. It's XXX face.
If stupid could fly, XXX'd be a jet.
Loser, I'm not insulting XXX. I'm describing XXX.
Of course we can be friends... just not with each other.
I may have been dropped on my head when I was a kid, but XXX sir were clearly flung against a wall.
On XXX mark. Get set. Go away!
I've stopped listening, so why are XXX still talking?
I'm sorry I asked "How dumb can XXX get?" XXX seem to be taking it as a challenge.
If XXX can't take a joke, I suggest XXX avoid mirrors.
XXX like a glow stick. I want to snap XXX and shake the shit out of XXX until the light comes on.
I'm sorry I hurt XXX feelings when I called XXX stupid. I thought XXX already knew.
Maybe XXX should eat some makeup so XXX can be pretty on the inside too.
XXX remind me of a penny. Two-faced and not worth much.
What doesn't kill XXX disappoints me.
Are XXX always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
If I got a dollar for every time I thought about XXX, I'd start thinking about XXX.
I think XXX one cat short of crazy.
XXX are as emotionally stable as an IKEA table.
XXX must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I'd love to insult XXX, but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
XXX about as important as a white crayon.
Mirrors don't lie, and lucky for XXX they don't laugh.
I'm not saying I hate XXX, but I would unplug XXX life support to charge my phone.
XXX look like the kind of person that buys condoms on the way to a family reunion.
I've stepped in puddles deeper than XXX.
Maybe XXX should eat some makeup so XXX can be pretty on the inside too.
The last time I saw something like XXX, I flushed it.
I'm certain that 90% of her beauty could be removed with a Kleenex.
I think XXX on the wrong floor because XXX not on my level.
Hey there train wreck, this ain't XXX station.
I'm sorry I hurt XXX feelings when I called XXX stupid. I thought XXX already knew.
I can't be held responsible for what my face does when XXX talk.
If the human body is 60% water, XXX not fat, XXX having a flood.
Sorry for being late. I got caught up in enjoying my last few minutes of not being here.
I love XXX so much that if our boat was sinking and there was only one life jacket, I'd miss XXX a lot.
I love the sound XXX make when XXX shut up.
XXX's so dumb, he thought Sean Penn was the capitol of Cambodia.
Why don't XXX eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out smarter words.
Be XXXself. No one else wants to be XXX.
If XXX hate XXXself, remember that XXX are not alone. A lot of other people hate XXX too.
Two wrongs don't make a right. Take XXX parents as an example.
People who tolerate XXX on a daily basis... they're the real heroes.
XXX didn't fall from the stuid tree, XXX were dragged through the entire dumbass forest.
XXX look like I need a drink.
XXX's so ugly, when she walks by a toilet it flushes itself.
XXX mama is so stupid, she walked by a Y.M.C.A. and said "Oh look, somebody spelled MACY'S wrong."
I wish XXX were more fluent in silence.
XXX's so fat, she has a real horse on her Polo shirt.
XXX mother should have thrown XXX away and kept the stork.
Why do XXX sit there looking like an envelope without any address on it?
I've just learned about XXX illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial.
I wish someone would tear XXX down and put up a human being.
How would XXX like to donate a pint of blood through the nose?
Why don't XXX let that hole under XXX nose heal up?
What are XXX going to do for a face when the baboon wants its ass back?
Why don't XXX slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Wipe XXX mouth. There's still a tiny bit of bullshit around XXX lips.
XXX not XXXself today. I noticed the improvement right away.
I heard XXX changed XXX mind. What did XXX do with the diaper?
Don't believe everything XXX think.
XXX may not be Mr. Right, but he'll do until he shows up.
Shhhh...that's the sound of nobody caring what XXX think.
If XXX have something to say, raise XXX hand and place it over XXX mouth.
Did XXX have an extra bowl of stupid this morning?
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me?
If XXX can't be a good example, then XXX just has to be a horrible warning.
If ignorance is bliss, XXX must be overjoyed.
I don't know what makes XXX so stupid, but it really works!
If stupidity was painful, XXX'd be in agony.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but XXX are abusing the privilege!
Go on. Add some variety to XXX sex life...use the other hand.
Those penis enlargement pills XXX took must be working. XXX a bigger dick now than XXX were last week.
The next time XXX mind goes blank, do all of us a favor -- turn off the sound.
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to XXXs.
I'm not saying XXX lazy, but XXX should try out for "American Idle."
People like XXX are the reason people like me need medication.
My imaginary friend thinks XXX have serious mental problems.
My greatest fear is there is no such thing as PMS and this is really XXX personality.
I'm not saying XXX's ugly, but if she was cast as Lady Godiva, the horse would steal the show.
I'd like to leave XXX with one thought, but I'm not sure XXX have a place to put it.
I know that XXX nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt XXX.
If XXX can't laugh at XXXself, I'll be glad to do so for XXX.
Sometimes I think that the only way XXX can get stupider is to get bigger.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I like XXX. People say I've no taste, but I like XXX.
I don't know what makes XXX so stupid, but it really works.
Are XXX always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Keep talking; someday XXX'll say something intelligent.
Does't XXX just love nature, despite what it did to him?
Are XXX going to be the cause of my next headache?
Save your Breath... You'll need it to blow up XXX date.
After meeting XXX, I've decided I am in favor of abortion.
Anyone who told XXX to be XXXself couldn't have given XXX worse advice.
I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, XXX were the one that made it.
Did XXX expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask XXX to stop helping me.
Someday XXX will get XXX big chance...or have XXX already had it?
I don't know what XXX problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
I see XXX's set aside this special time to humiliate XXXself in public.
I like XXX. XXX remind me of when I was young and stupid.
The fact that no one understands XXX doesn't mean XXX an artist.
I know my biology; it's XXX biology I don't know.
If I gave a shit, XXX'd be the first person I'd give it to.
Please tell XXX pants its not polite to point.
I will always love the false image I had of XXX.
It's okay to be ugly, but aren't XXX overdoing it?



