If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.
My dog wants you to know that he/she misses you. Come over.
I bet you smiled when you saw my name pop up on your phone just now.
I envy your footwear. I want to be like them so I can be with you every step of the way.
Take a guess. Which emoji did I place next to your name on my phone?
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet...and so are you.
Whenever I see you, I feel like a dog that is always giddy to greet you at the door.
I’m sending you hugs and kisses.
My phone is in my hands, but I would rather be holding you.
I haven’t seen you in forever. Have you been visiting your fellow angels in heaven?
When you go to sleep at night, do you dream of new ways to make me like you?
Send me your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas.
I just accidentally walked into a pole because I was thoughtlessly staring and smiling at your text messages.
I never believed in love at first sight until I saw your profile picture.
My parents told me not to talk to strangers. So, how about we be friends?
You’ve been running through my mind all day.
You’re always in my 3 A.M. thoughts.
I do not think much. I do not think often. But when I do think, I think of you.
If I was a stoplight, I would turn red every time you passed by just so I could stare at you a little longer.
Kiss me and you will see the stars. Love me and I will give them to you.
Can you give me your parents’ phone numbers? I want to thank them for being able to raise such a wonderful human.
It’s always fun to flirt with you over text messages. However, it makes it hard for me to lean in and kiss you.
Let’s commit the perfect crime. You steal my heart, and I steal yours.
We don’t really have anything to talk about, but I still want to talk to you. So...Hi!
Hey sexy.
Just so you know, I’m not flirting with you. I’m just being extra nice to you since you're extra attractive.
Hey, stop thinking about me. See, you’re doing it right now.
Hello, this is me making the first move. Your turn.
I admit that you’re on my mind more than just sometimes.
Could you stop being attractive? You’re driving me crazy!
Just so you know, we’re going on a date tonight.
I just realized that you never text first. Do you hate me or are you just playing hard to get?
Every moment I spend with you is like being in paradise.
I’m wondering how long it’s going to be before you realize that I like you and admit that you like me back.
I don’t know what love potion you made me drink, but every time I think of you, I can’t stop smiling.
My lips on your lips would be magical.
Good night beautiful/handsome. Sleep well.
Hey, stranger. Stop being a stranger.
Netflix and chill?
What's new in the wonderful world of you?
I was actually going to wait for a day or two before texting you, but I can’t wait that long.
Stop sending me mixed signals and start sending me sexy memes.
I just saw your new profile picture. You're looking hotter than ever.
I’m waiting for you at home.
I still exist, in case you have forgotten.
You already know how much I really like you. So, what are you going to do about it?
Only the brave and the bold should use these texts.
Only the brave and the bold should use these texts.
I just want you to know that I don’t believe in pick-up lines. So, let’s just skip all that and proceed to hooking up.
I’m currently watching a sexy video of girl/guy who looks just like you.
I’m a little drunk, a little horny, and all alone.
I hope you don’t mind that I’m texting you while naked. Or that I’m imagining you naked.
I had a dream about you last night. I’d tell you all about it, but it was too inappropriate.
I have a magic wand that is aching to show you a trick.
Talk dirty to me.
I hope your day is as nice as your butt.
You should come over and do some “we shouldn’t be doing this" kind of thing with me.
Do you want to mess up the bed with me tonight?
I like your style. I like your class. But most of all, I like your arse.
I’m kinda having NSFW thoughts about you right now.
I can’t believe how naughty your text messages are. Do you have any more surprises for me?
I know you’re busy, but can you add one more thing to your to-do list? Me.
Let’s go do the one thing you’ve always wanted to do.
We should stop texting and actually start seeing each other more often. Preferably naked.
I can’t believe I’m texting you while I’m peeing.
I just got out of the shower. Do want to come over and help me get dirty again?
Is it weird that I’m completely naked while texting you right now?
You never fail at making me smile and horny.
How to make a girl smile and laugh with a text.
How to make a girl smile and laugh with a text.
Tell me the truth. How long have you been waiting for a text message from me?
Do you miss me yet?
In case you’re wondering, I’m still single.
You’re so beautiful that I actually forgot that I was supposed to send you a pick-up line.
Okay, let’s skip the small talk and go straight to flirting.
To know me is to love me. Are you ready to get to know me?
You see, I really suck at starting conversations. Do you want to try?
Here’s hoping that you find my willingness to text first attractive.
Did you just fall in love with me after receiving this text message?
I have a big problem. I can’t stop thinking about you.
Are you free for the rest of your life?
You wanna know what the best thing in my life is? It’s the first word of the previous sentence.
If you told me that I have a nice body, I might hold it against you.
If I told you that you have a nice body, would you hold it against me?
Will you be my princess/prince?
If you don’t reply in three seconds, you’re mine.
I need an oxygen tank because you take my breath away.
Ugh, I have to go to some boring event. Will you come with me to make it fun?
Get out of my head and into my arms.
I’m making the first move by texting you. I hope you make the next move by kissing me.
I wanted to ask if I messaged you already, but I know I would remember someone as beautiful as you.
I have Netflix and no one to snuggle with. Do you think you can help me out?
If you want to make a move on me, now is the perfect time. Go for it!
These texts can show that you have some wit.
These texts can show that you have some wit.
I just made a bet with my brother/sister. He/She said that you’re taken already. I told him/her that you’re mine for the taking. So, who won the bet?
I may not be a photographer, but I can picture both you and me together.
I could drink a case of you and I’d still be on my feet.
How did you survive so long without texting me? I’m a delightful necessity.
First, I was playing hard to get. Now, you’re playing hard to forget.
I just finished a book I know you would love. You should come over to pick it up.
You just won the jackpot! You placed first in my heart. Text me back for the details.
Answer this quick! What can I text you to make you mine?
I may run out of text messages for you. I may run out of jokes. I may also run out of battery. But my heart will never run out of space for you.
Do you believe in love at first text, or should I text you again?
You are out of my sight, but in my mind.
I just got a new phone, but I’m not sure how it works. Can I call you to test it?
Your one-time PIN is 143. For your protection, do not share this code with anyone. Enter this code to confirm your love for me.
I like you, do you like me? Yes or yes?
Since you texted me first, I assume that you like me. I like you too!
If you want to marry me right now, text YES. If you want to marry me next time, text NO.
Now that we’re officially texting one another, I’ve become obsessed with checking my phone. That said, don’t keep me waiting.
I wanted to ask you out, but I figured that I’d start by sending you a text message.
Hi, my name is Trouble, and I’m looking for my soul mate. Mind if I ask if you have room for a little trouble in your life?
I can’t figure out if I should start this conversation with a compliment, a pick-up line, or a simple hello. You choose.
Do you have any plans for the night? Because I don’t.
You know what would be even better than a text back? An invitation to dinner!
